Load E57 timestamps as scalar fields, show scalar fields in the point picker (#2340)
CloudCompare/CloudCompare: CHANGELOG.md

			- A: pick 3 points and display the (a)ngles
			- R: draw a (r)ectangle with a subtitle
			- S: (s)ave the current label

> 		- All scalar fields of the picked point are now shown in the Console.

Reviewer: Isn't it more interesting to read this info in the Label properties dialog instead of the Console? (as it's dynamically updated)

Reviewer: I've updated the code to merge it.

> 		- All scalar fields of the picked point are now shown in the Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- All scalar fields of the picked point are now shown in the resulting Label properties dialog.
```
